vboxmanage-movevm: add page (#11796)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/vboxmanage-movevm.md

# vboxmanage-movevm

> Move a virtual machine (VM) to a new location on the host system.
> More information: <https://www.virtualbox.org/manual/ch08.html#vboxmanage-movevm>.

> - Move the specified VM to the current location:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move the specified virtual machine to the current location:
```

> `VBoxManage movevm {{vm_name}}`

Reviewer 2: Where does it get moved to?

Author: Ah my bad will change it!

Author: @gutjuri do you know why jiamvy is making the changes and not my account jimsjam?

Reviewer: @JimsJam Can you check `git --config user.name` and `git --config email` locally to see if they match your GitHub name & email address?

Author: @kbdharun Thank you so much for the help. The e-mail was actually a different one.

> - Specify the new location (full or relative pathname) of the VM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify the new location (full or relative pathname) of the virtual machine:
```

> `VBoxManage movevm {{vm_name}} --folder {{path/to/new_location}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`VBoxManage movevm {{vm_name}} --folder {{path/to/new_location}}`
```

Thanks :) One more change and this looks good to me

Author: Ah my bad, will change it. I will do it more conscientiously on the next page!
